# Forward

   Well its been a long time coming but I am finally putting one of these out. This is a full game review both from a statistical and practical view. This process will be done through a play by play data input including all stats and formations/plays that are run in the game's entirety. A printer friendly version will be included for download that has the entire play by play included, for the blog only key plays such as scores, turnovers, or explosive plays will be incorperated. Since this is the inaugural post, I guess I should introduce myself, y'all can call me u/JHWiggins I'm a current senior, about to be fifth year, at Mississippi State University. I grew up in the suburbs of New York City so as you can imagine college football wasn't huge outside of my family. My other teams I do have a soft spot for are Army as I grew up watching them in person, and USC as I grew up watching them on tv (dad's from SoCal).

   I plan on taking the most interesting or the biggest upset of the week and doing one of these blog's on it. Now because I'm a homer, for rivalry weekend, I will be doing two blogs, one for the egg bowl and one other game just for fairness sake. Now this is all subject to change as time goes on, but the plan is to always make the analysis **at least** this indepth if not more. I will try my best to put these out as frequently as possible, but with school and having to find game film I can't make too many promises for now on that front.

# Game Preview

*This preview is written before I have done the full game analysis*

On paper this was a game that looked calked up to be a Tennessee win, flat out. A Georgia State team that had its last FBS win against Louisiana-Monroe (their only FBS win that season) September 29th, 2018. There 2-10 record the previous season in the Sun Belt led many (myself included) to believe that Tennessee had scheduled a perfect ramp up game, but everyone forgot one crucial fact. The Tennessee chaos train **will not** be out done. Seemingly what was going to be a solid rebound season for a talented Tennessee team (16th in composite roster star rating by 247 Sports), got off to a rockier start than those mountains they love oh-so much.

It would be easy for me to sit here and completly roast the Vols, but that would be unfair especially in the first game of the season. My main gripe from the few minutes I watched the game is that in front of a home-opener crowd. To see the fans go from "We're deffinately going to make a bowl game!" to "Let's burn this program down." was genuinely sad to see. If this one loss is what stops them from making a bowl game this year, that would up the pain of this loss by a thousand.

For Georgia State, this win has to feel good. Even though the Vols have had their struggles, getting paid quite a large sum to play in a historic stadium and kick the crap out of an SEC team, it's an acomplishment the team should be proud of. From what I saw of the game, the 38-30 win did not look like a fluke. If they can repeat this level of play throughout the season, we will deffinately see Georgia State in a bowl game, and maybe a-top of the Sun Belt Confrence.
